, Micheal:This Is it && A  Are Cool Movies
 was the worst... should''ve saw  in 3d...
"a ". good movie, but some scenes were scary! not a movie for little kids! now, onto watching "christmas vacation".
A  in 3D is AMAZING! The people look so real!
A  is possibly the shittest movie ever, I just fell asleep
"A " was amazing :) and alice in wonderland looks freaky!!! I'm excited!
A  was just great...I love Jim Carrey =)
A  was pretty cool...and I looooove 3D!
A  was quite heartwarming. No really, this Pixar movie almost made me cry. Now I want Christmas.
Also saw  in 3D at the cinema, marvelous implementation of technology and Carrey great, but added little to original story
back frm Disney's A  w/ Jim Carey in 3D... it was ok. kinda boring. #achristmascarol
breee breee guess what movie i watched???????  in 3 d it was awsum lol!!!!!!!!!!!
Busy weekend, concert, shopping, movies. Saw  3D, definite recommend, new take on old classic...scary bits 4 little kids tho!
@chrisaunders stoooopit shoulda saw  3d so good.
...i liked
 was kind of the sheeeit. Fyi.
@DaleNSebat just saw  in 3d with Erin! Was awesomeeeeee! How r u? Tell Heidi good luck with the new Job ;)
Did the whole city see rush to  this weekend? Fully sold out Sat. when I tried. Saw  instead. Amazing effects, no heart.
Elaine & I and Becca, Mikki, and Jason went to see  (Jim Carrey) at the IMAX theater in 3D, then had pizza.  Was awesome!
Everyone needs to see in 3D!!!  It is worth the extra $2!  Amazing!  It looked like the snow was falling in the theater!
Finally saw Law Abiding Citizen - the bomb! Also saw  - Jim Carey was his absolute best! Great movie day!
had an alright night,  was lame
Happy Friday to all! Saw  3D IMAX last night... amazing.
I can't believe I just spent $16 on A  fuck
I don't think I liked the new  movie much at all. Can they just re-release A Muppet's ? I loved that one!
If you haven't seen @JimCarrey 's new movie  what are you waiting for? Best Movie I've seen all year.  Excellent work sir
I just saw A . It was great!! :)
@imaxbirmingham saw  tonight, defo 5 stars! We all loved it!
I'm just chill'in with my BFF Kiersten. . . We went to see a . . . And might I say It was so So SO AWESOME! You MUST go c it!
I SAW  LAST WEEK PRETTY GOOD MOVIE AND MEN WHO STAIR AT GOATS PRETTY TOO.
I went to see, over the weekend and did not like it. Not my cup if tea.
@Jescalese saw  w/ Richardson and his GF...it was awesome...
@JimCarret I just got home from seeing The  in 3D, it was amazing!! Job well done!!
@jimcarrey I just saw  and I love you
@jimcarrey  Just saw  in 3D. Totally Awesome Jim! You are so multi-talented. Loved the new twist to the movie. Fun! Fun!
@JimCarrey just saw  in IMAX3D...The CG thing had me skeptical but you were still YOU..Everyone needs to watch this!
@JonathanRKnight  it''s a good nite so far...saw  and it was great!  doin some xmas shopping...drinkin a starbucks
@Julianna237 I am soooo glad I saw  in 3D and I saw previews of Alice in WOnderland in 3 D too wooootoooooo
Just  came back from the movies sittin in walgreen parkin lot saw  Lol Good one though got my hair cut too haha finally!!!!!!
Just got back from the movies with Bree, Jelly Bean, Noo-Noo, Chopper, and Kurt. We saw  in IMAX 3D. It. was. AWESOME!!
just got home from seeing a  in 3d, so good. had fun with @MarcusIsLegend and his mommy.
just got out of the movies. Saw ! I thought it was really good! I did get scared at some parts! : ) anyone else see it?
Just saw  &  good movies (SDP&Jay)
Just saw ..Great Movie!!
Just saw  in 3D! Sooo fun!
Just saw  in IMAX 3D - FREAKIN'' AMAZING!!  One of my favorite stories ever made just...incredible!  The only way to see it!
just saw  is was so good
Just saw  it was good i enjoyed it lol still sick though going to japanese tonight yumm
Just saw , Jim Carrey is AWESOME!
Just saw ... kind of a disappointment. It was actually really really scary! NOT a kids movie :(
Just saw  & loved it!
just saw ...that movie is so damn weird....
Just saw  with Jim Carrey.  It was awesome.
Just saw  with @_KaylaK @janahainey. innnnnteresting.
just saw  with mommy.. soo cute !.. going to nasis soon cant waittt
Just saw  with the family good good movie. Very cute. I recommend seeing it. Lol
just saw Disneys  with @mom2mopsy. I really liked it. The CG was magnificent.
just watched  in 3D!!!!! good stuff!
Just watched  in 3D.  Great experience.
Just watched  open captioned. What a ride! The best Carol movie ever, IMHO.
LOVED A ...I found it at www.watchfreelinks.com check it out!
loved "A "...reminds you to keep the Christmas spirit all year :)
New  is creepy. Don't bring your kids.
@NICK__KAY I saw ... It was dark, slow, n kinda scary... But Jim Carry is talented!!! All those voices...
@notsostilllifes Agreed, so you were off yesterday? We saw  which was fairly good.
@Radioblogger @dcatlin wants to know if  you saw  today-she thought it was awesome #Marleysghost #hhrs
RT @BIGWAYDEGNS  good movies out?  (I just saw  w/ jim carrey. the 3-D is cool. go high)
RT RT @timastevens: Just saw  in 3D with the family. A good flick...well done.// Could not agree more!!! Amazingly well done.
RT @Thurman86: Just watched  in imax, it was great, noe eating messican food
RT @timastevens: Just saw  in 3D with the family. A good flick...well done.// Could not agree more!!! Amazingly well done.
Saw "" and "" last night with marianne. =bad acting+sucky storyline+looks cool. =boring. Wait for dvd
Saw A .  It was great!
Saw A  tonight. I actually really liked it. The animation was fantastic and it was kinda dark.
Saw  2day... Well worth seeing in 3D! It is an amazing film and will be one of my favs next to Elf and It''s a Wonderful Life
Saw  3D. Great version. Jim Carrey excellent. The ghosts could have used a bit more characterisation, but very enjoyable 8/10
Saw  3D with Lauren, Allyson, Kathy, Lindsey, Austin, and Jeremy! Sooo fun! Love time with my theatre kids:))
saw  3D with the family. not a good movie for little kids. very scary at times. the 3D effects were pretty amazing though.
Saw !! Amazing 3D. And Ro was awesome..such a little movie buff at 3! Not scary 4 her! Went with some cool peeps! free tix!
saw  and wasn''t too impressed.  That''s a lot of Jim Carrey.  Made BBQ ribs tonight and the kids all loved it!
Saw -i give it a 5. Kinda boring. I never like knowing the endings tho!! Fun time with the fam tho! Enjoyed it!!
Saw . I liked and the boys like it. Molly and Makiah not so much. Very dark.
Saw  @IMAX in 3D.  STUNNING!!!  About to plan persuasive unit for Y6 using Avatar trailer!
Saw  (in 3D) earlier this evening. Attention to detail in texture and lighting is magnificant.
saw  in 3d last night:)it was fantastic
Saw  in 3D last nite, it wasn''t that bad at all, actually it was quite enjoyable!
saw  in 3D last nite. not as much fun as they make you think.
Saw  in 3D this weekend! Jim Carrey was amazing! What a great movie.I''m in such a Christmas spirit, I''m ready to sing carols!
saw  in 3D today. it was good.
Saw  in IMAX 3D. I was expecting meh, and I got a fantastic film!  A score that had classic XMas carols made it even better!
Saw  last night and was very pleased. Stayed true to the story and added some humor. Don''t bother with the 3-D.
Saw  last night... pretty good! totally worth seeing in the theater...
saw  pritty cool lol who 2 pic
Saw . That should NOT be a PG! Freaky shiiiit!
saw  today, it''s a cute movie
saw  yestaday wif the fam....it was gud
Saw Disney's A  in IMAX 3-D today. Loved it.
shouts:saw , it was good ^__^* tuday was fun :D
Spent time with my favorite vet....I love him soooooo much....today and saw ....it was good
@SquidDreams Disney's . Creepy shit, honestly.
@SquidDreams In which one? ? Yes there was. It was really cool... Mind, this was my first. Still really cool.
The 3D and visuals in A  are stunning. And the film ain't half bad either. Bizarre, creepy, and joyous!
The box was a waste of time. A  rocked!!!!
the movie was sold out so we just saw  it was boring coment neww pikks
@trinity929 A ... Highly recommend it! I havent seen it but the previews were awesome!
Watched A  today with my family ^_^ I liked it.
Watched  in IMAX 3D on her last night in Calgary. Dissapointed with the movie. Not recommend for a Christmas movie.
Watched . Jim Carey made a great Scrooge. Amazing CGI. Stuck pretty close 2 the Dickens story. Kids dug it 2. Overall: B
watching bridezillas! there meann!!soo today i went to the mall saw a  w/my lil bro it was pretty good
went and saw  in 3D.  Jim Carey plays a good Scrooge.
went and saw  is was very good
went and saw the  movie a little scary but it was a great movie
Went to see "A " Saturday and found it to be great. A must see film.
Went to see the Christmas Lights turning on today.  And also saw  in 3D, it''s a great movie. I reccomend it. :P
went to the movies with casey <3 we saw . he, i mean, it was cutee lol
went to the movies with erics mom and sister. Saw "A ." that movie is not for kids. its creepy. [[DEVOTED <33]]
We saw  in 3D, AMAZING!!!!! Can''t wait for Alice in wonderland in 3D
What''s up guyz?? It''s been wayyyy too long. I just saw  3D and it was freakin awesome!
@adamwalton Hope u have good show - just back from cinema, , threw popcorn everywhere, left a little disappointed!
@AddressingYou Dear George Clooney Saw . Yeah no, it sucked donkey ass. Here let me provide you my addy for refund...
aight gonna have a look tonite RT @MrHudson: just watched "". extremely amusing
back from "The "... a pleasant, gentle, funny film. Glad I went to it. :)
Been out with the boys at cinema.Saw The .Very interesting.Gonna read the book I think.
Call Of Duty Is Quality. Saw 'The ' Today. Awful Movie
@concettasidoti Saw preview, looks good. Just saw . Mildly diverting w great performances from McGregor and Clooney
Did not care for "The "
do not see the  its a crappy movie
DO NOT watch the ... Its a waste of money... Utterly...
Due to the crap times seeing the -it was my 5th choice
Going to see ''. This should be awesome.
Going to the cinema tonight with Andy, hopefully the film we see will be better than  or Public Enemies... what trash!
go see "The " was great!
Great day..shopped, ate Japanese food and saw  (not blown away..)
Hanging with Adam. Saw ... Good movie!
has just watched  and it was quite amusing lol
Have seen . It's pretty awesome. There were some cool trailers for things I don't remember now.
i actually liked the . if you like the big lebowski then you would like this movie
I enjoyed The  highly.
If you asked me what  was about, I couldn't tell you...it was THAT random!
If you feel like wasting your time go see .
i saw . IT WAS FANTASTIC. i loved it
I saw  last night - a wonderful movie that approaches deeply profound ideas in a very entertaining way. Great cast!
i saw . thought it was pretty good. lots of great performaces. movie was pretty funny
I saw  tonight. Very weird movie. I can''t say much else. You should probably see it though.
I saw the  yesterday. omfg amazing
I want 93 minutes of my life back after sitting through .  No idea what possessed us to see that steaming dung heap...
I was going to watch that tomorrow RT @TheresnoSpoon: Just saw . Odd movie
Just been to see  w/ @MJWells and Crawf. Very Coen-esque. Worth a watch.
Just got back from seeing The  in Basingstoke. Good film, quite enjoyable to watch.
Just got out of '.' Cute movie.
Just saw . Absolutely Brilliant! #Twitcritics
just saw  and even though it had some funny parts in general it was still a complete crapfest
just saw .  Good movie.
Just saw .  I found it quite hilarious.  GF... not so much.  Totally my kind of humour.
Just saw . I think that I was missing something. Lame!
Just saw . I thought it was pretty funny, and it makes you wonder how much if that stuff is true.
Just saw . It was funny, still recovering from last night
Just saw ... it was so bad that it was okay... feels like a cult movie that people will love for no logical reason.
just saw  it was truly the most amazing movie about nothing i have ever seen.
Just saw . I want that 90 minutes of my life back please.
Just saw . My word, but that was silly.
Just saw "", pretty funny and definitely a good movie...
Just saw "", pretty funny and definitely a good movie... - Foster City - CA
Just saw . Skip it. Could have been great, but completely missed the mark.
just saw .... unimpressed. now for some wii force unleashed.
Just saw , utter silliness, I see lots of quoting and cult movie viewing in its future.
Just saw . Very awesome. Now for sushi
Just saw the , awesome!
Just saw The . Lots of fun. I wanna be a Jedi Warrior.
Just saw The . Mildly diverting w great performances from McGregor and Clooney, but not particularly satisfying
Just seen  and I liked it wasn't bad at all. Kept me laughing through the whole movie.
Just watched  and it was brilliant! 5 out of 5 goats
Just watched . So hilarious Georege Clooney was amazing
@LadyCOOURRTNEYY I watched The  today. That was really good. Not typical "mainstream". Most people won't like it
@lakoist We saw  in Leicester Square.  Funny.  Whaddya think?  "The Force is Strong With This One"
loved 
@matronedea , Great!!
 disappointed-some good and/or funny parts but overall C+ or so. Would have been C, but they made fun of Reagan, so C+
""--Funny. I s it my imagination or does Clooney star in an abnormal number of male-casted movies?
= great movie!
 great movie
 has goat to be the worst film in a weeee bit like!!
 is absurdly funny.  That is all.
 is excellent! Hilarious and well-acted.
 is fanfuckingtastic.
 is such a shitty movie! Lol
"" = must see. Very intelligent social commentary film. Sadly, I doubt most ppl get it. It's really good.
 needed to be funnier. slight disappointment there.
"" - not good. rather insulting.
 rocked!
: The kind of movie that makes you ask "wasn't there something better to spend their time/money on?" Pointless film.
.Unique movie.Scene where they drive suburbans into Ramadi reminded me of a day in Dec 06 in J-bad, AFG.
, very! Strange, i would rather see the stepfather. But new moon comes out next week and i plan on seeing it.
 very worthwhile film. Final scene, doubly so.
 was a lot of fun. Had a really tough day with the mules today, but will try one more thing before I hang up my hat.
, was a strange but qurky movie... I sorta recomend it?
 was awesome. Kicking ass now at darts @ the Saucer.
 was..... bizarre to say the least
 was dull. Ribena is tasty. #unrelated
 was interesting...but also kind of a let down...
 was nice x) ..just wanna read the book now thooo.. g'nite!
 was pretty funny.  We enjoyed it.
 was really good. Also George Clooney should play Walt Disney if thwey ever make a bio pic.
 was terrible. Hippie army men? Eh...
 was weird yet brilliant. Kinda want 2 get drunk now!
More training miles in the legs this weekend. Prepping to go for dinner w/ friends.  is a good movie. Go see it.
movie day double feature done. saw  (silly) and the damned united (fantastic). off to rancho for Amos the transparent.
must see The 
My brother shot things on MW2 and I saw . Awesome movie by the way. I loved its charm.
Now singing "More than a Feeling" cuz we just saw . I like George Clooney when he does these kinds of parts.
Official ruling...the  was soooo good!!!!!!
Oh, hey, everyone should totally go see "The " cause its ten tons of funny.
okay never never EVER see "" it's a waste of money and a couple hours of your life you can never get back. rawr. >:(
Okay, so if someone says you either have to go see The  or jump into traffic.....jump into traffic.
omg i saw  yesterday and it was soooo funny who ever didnt see it yet go see it its sooooo funny
Playing some catchup today.  is a hodgepodge of brilliance and awkward. Now on to see the world end Emmerich style.
REALLY enjoyed -Army's exploration of psychic skills, + creating "jedi" warriors. Funny+enlightening, w/lot o truth
RT @JamesAkersJr: "That movie SUCKED!" - Jeremy after we watched 
RT @JasonSandquist    save yo money, "the " is quite possibly one of the worst movies every produced
RT @MrHudson just watched "". extremely amusing << LOOOL sounds like some nigerian flick.. no offence? lool
save yo money, "the " is quite possibly one of the worst movies every produced
Saw . Amusing. Worth giggling at. Ewan McGregor learns to be a Jedi at last.
saw  and it sucked. Do not see it.
Saw "", but don't recommend it. I fell asleep. Only 4 of us in the theater.
saw . Fun film, though wish they''d used some of @jonronson ''s orginal footage. Loom room tonight!
Saw ... FUNNY movie! Ewan McGregor was seeeeexy!
Saw . Good For a Giggle and typical Jon Ronson
Saw . It was....kinda dumb. But at least I didn''t have to see The Fourth Kind. *shudder*
Saw  last night.......brilliant! Oh and spent time with my favourite lady.....and had weird dreams!
saw  last night.  good film, made better by some good tache action. Trailer here: http://is.gd/4Tfwd #movember
Saw  last night.  Loved it!
Saw  last night.Quite Funny.
Saw . So much wasted potential.
Saw "", that was AWESOME!!! I laughed soooooo much, great movie <3
Saw .  The goats were great!
Saw  this week. Enjoyable film, but felt dramatisation detracted from jaw dropping revelations of the book.
Saw  today - It was funny, weird, strange, I enjoyed it. Then again, practically anything starring Clooney I''ll watch.
Saw  today w/ the husband. Disappointing w/ poorly dev. chars. It felt as if about half an hour of movie was missing
Saw  tonight. A lot better than studying. Glad to get my mind off things for a while.
Saw  tonight. Entertaining and George Clooney and Ewan McGregor were great. One of my favourite Ewan performances.
Saw  tonight.  I expected it to be better.  Either I''ve got to lower expectations, or find better movies to go to.
Saw  tonite. Really liked it. The jedi stuff was funny w/ Ewan McGregor in the movie.
saw . Unexpectedly enjoyed that a lot more than I thought I would even though it was an absurdist comedy.
Saw . Very funny!!
Saw . Very good, acting was outstanding, as you might well expect. Lots of funny moments. Story starts in Ann Arbor!
saw  with mom,,, hallarious
Saw  yesterday, a very strange, but somehow really nice film.  Out of place, or space?
Saw  yesterday, good flick ! Heading to a barnyard to practice.....
saw  yesterday:|, it was rubbish=/
Saw  yesterday (rather good and amusing) and  today (brilliantly mega epic). Good weekend!
Saw the film "" last week. Loved Jeff Bridges
Saw "The ". Really good movie. Got me thinking. Thinking about things completly unrelated to the movie.
saw the  - too short and really random with some funny parts... i loved it
saw the ... total rip off.. that movie was stupid except for one part. i'm mad now, but at least i went shopping after
Saw the  written by #jonronson it's a lovely film I wasn't prepared for the appearance of Barney though
Saw "The " yesterday. Was actually pretty funny.
saw the movie   funny movie
Saw the movie, . I am at once puzzled and awed. Feel like I need to see it again. And do some research.
@scottybomb at least  us doing well? I can't believe people pay to see CGI and bad acting... wait, actually I can.
Sitting through the film "" was almost as painful as ... staring at goats. FAIL!!! #menwhostareatgoats #fail
So I just saw .  One word- Odd.
so......hated it.
So......May be the funniest movie I've seen all year. (I say that 'cause I'm seeing New Moon this Thursday...Snoogins)
The limber mind is a must for adequate enjoyment of many things, including ! I loved it!
The ... Ace!!! Really enjoyed it! I want to be a special forces Jedi Warrior :D Maybe I already am :|
The ..............a complete letdown
"the " amusing. kept waiting for the cheap shot of Obi-wan during all the Jedi talk. didn't come.
The : brilliant, funny, crazy. How Clooney and McGregor managed to keep their faces straight, we can only guess.
The ...excellent if a little wacky..lots of laughs followed by a Nandos and a large glass of wine. Happy Sunday x
The  = fantastically funny movie in that brilliantly self-aware sort of way
The  is no good!!!!!  Bad movie.     I hope the road is better.
The  isn't very good at all..
The  is probably one of the worst films ive ever seen...
"The " is probably the first comedy ive seen twice in theaters. loved it!
"The " is the best movie that stars Ewan McGregor and Jedis.
The  is very funny.
The  kinda blew. Bummer
The  should be one heck of a funny movie. Imagine killing a goat by staring at it.
THE  - Stellar cast can't elevate this comedy above "where's the motivation?" though has a number of laughs. #movies
The  us very ridiculous
The  was a disappointment.  But New Moon on Thursday night is going to be SWEET!
'the ' was amusing...but I still want to see 'an education'...a coming of age story in sixties london? irresistible.
The  was even stranger than I expected. Worth watching, I would say.
The  was great! Cast was awesome! Sooo funny!!!
The  was hilarious :D
the  was horrible, dont see it.....back to watching the big bang theory.
The  was pretty funny.
The  was pretty funny
The  was pretty good
Thrilled and surprised to see @RhysieDarby in !  Great movie, go see it, skip .
@TinaMW    Saw  last weekend. Awful movie // Dang it, I was looking forward to another George Clooney comedy.
tired, gr8 day, saw  (2 thumbs up), hung w/family, my gr8 cousin and aaron :D
@Totalbiscuit Did you see  in the end? Personally I think I liked it, but not entirely sure, needs a rewatch on dvd.
Watched . Amusing, cute & Ewan McGregor. Didn''t really have a plot. Glad I was drinking beer while watching it.
Watched . It was an ummm entertaining movie.
Watched .  It was as exciting as staring at goats. #fb
Watched . Not as good as I was expecting. Some guy in the cinema found it very funny tho. I was happy for him. :)
Watched . Odd, campy, funny, not a masterpiece, almost too silly. Flower jedi ending. Spacey channeling, "tin cup" Ha!
Watched "The " at the cinema last night.  Very funny
watched the ..fantastic stoner flick! :)
watched the  most stupid movie of my life..men who stared at goats..dont even stare at this film poster..2 hours of torture
went and saw  with mom, I give it a thumbs up!
Went and saw The . Freaking great movie.
Went on a date tonight with my lover. The .....dumb. Walked out after the first 20 minutes. Went to Gameworks instead!
Went to .  Remote viewing is pretty standard in my line of work so I found the  story fairly credible. Nice & light.
Went to see  - disappointing
Went to see "" it was pretty funny.. gonna go try cloud bursting now :D lawl
Went to see "" last night - funny movie!
Went to see "" today. I highly recommend it.
Went to see The  today. Funny clever film and only 90 mins long.
writin an essay! YES! Oh and saw ...pretty good movie..........ummmmmm or what??????? #OrWhat
Absolutetly LOVED  (The Boat that Rocked) ?. Classic rock & PSH, what's not to love? ?  #fb
Agree! RT @missmon_ika:YES! THIS! :D @buhbeesgirl EVERY1 MUST GO SEE  (aka The BoatThat Rocked) W TOMSTU!SUCH A FANTASTIC MOVIE!
also saw  on a whim last night and it is awful, you have been  warned
@am13er I know - he's the best. I saw  with TomStu last night. Good stuff - awesome music.
And  is such a great movie! Glad I saw it with Steven<3333
at the pad..watched !..great movie!..ROCK & ROLL!
Awesome movie, I watched "" last night... 2 hours of pure joy.
By the way, <3 
@carafornia you best take @lauren__ashley to see , it was amazing.  amazing.
@catdecember  has everything I ever loved about radio. I kinda miss it
@cellebelle no your answer is wrong. Because  looks surprisingly...terrible?
Come on US, go see ,, it's the funniest movie of this year
Don't miss .  It was so much fun!
Dreadful opening weekend for  (The Boat That Rocked) in the U.S... um... there's a reason for that...
Drinking Sapphire and tonics on the porch tonight. Pleasantly buzzed. Saw  today ... awesome soundtrack.
@druidDUDE  is amazing i love this movie
@ensredshirt I looked at the soundtrack for . Sure is great music. Now I really want to see that movie! Glad you liked it.
EVERYONE LOVES ! they have to.
EVERYONE MUST GO SEE  (aka The BoatThat Rocked) W TOMSTU!!! SUCH A FANTASTIC MOVIE!!!
For our last date night before going on hiatus went and saw .  It''s a rockin'' must see.
Fun weekend with my best friend. Saw  on Friday. Amazing. Chilled out, played GH3, watched LOTMS, crashed. Immensely fun.
Go see !  What a lot of fun. And, if you're forty-eleven like me, it's the sound track of your childhood.
Got back from watching  around 2am, Love That Movie!! ;D
Great Movie, the soundtrack is awesome :) RT @Tedracat: I'm going to see  this afternoon (aka The Boat that Rocked)...
@hiolivejuiicee I saw  cause it just came out yesterday. And it was funny romantic and really very good.
Holy crap.  was good. Really good.
"How bout it then?" .....  is a must see! I can't wait for it to come out on DVD so I can watch it everyday.
I had so much fun this weekend with @kcorbammej @dannyellow95 and @pantanamo.  was fucking radical. New favorite movie for sure.
I havent been this happy with a movie in real long time!  was awesome!
I just saw  -- liked it a bunch and recommend to anyone.
I just watched . What should I say, hummm...nothing less than A M A Z I N G ?!!? yes, nothing less than A M A Z I N G.
I just watched  with @ChrisMatthews! Gotta love DC.
I loved ...absolutely genius! LOVED IT! Highly recommend.
I love . That movie is too good, but...long.
I saw . GO SEE IT! Great movie and great soundtrack. If you want something light, it''s worth the time.
I SAW ! So much fun, I really really ridicuously enjoyed it! @TomSturridgecom So proud of wittle Tom! :-)
I saw "" today and thought it was a hoot with some great performances and an amazing soundtrack.
i SUPER wanna see  again.  SUPERRRR.
Is very happy I went to see  with friends great movie.
it might be possible to make a more inept movie than '', but it would take a lot of work. spectacularly incompetent.
I very much enjoyed . I think more people should go see it.
@joygreenmcgann Saw  w/my son. Loved it and the sound track, definitely in a ''60s groove. How''s things in your world?
Just got back from hanging with @xomisskirstie saw  best movie ever
Just saw (& loved!!) !
Just saw  and it was AAWEEESOMMEE, you have to see it! Good soundtrack, costumes and people are hysterical!
Just saw , and you know, it was pretty awesome! Philip Seymour Hoffman, Nick Frost, Bill Nighy, Rhys Darby... what a great cast!
Just saw . Best time I''ve had at the movies since Jurassic park..and nighy has moves! Brilliant flick
just saw ... enjoyed the soundtrack!
Just saw .  F''ing rocked!!
just saw . go see it. it will change your life
Just saw ... It was awsome! Highly recomend it.
Just saw . It was so good!
just saw !! It was soooo good! Omg I loved it. Definitely one of my new fave movies
Just saw ! It was the awesomes!!! :) i need the soundtrack!
just saw ... loved it! ;)
Just saw . Loved it.
just saw .  Oh yeah, great movie!  ROCK ON!!
Just saw . Pretty good movie makes me wish I had been alive during that era
just saw , pretty good, probably a better DVD than a theater pick
Just saw . Pretty good. Time to drive home in the snow. BOO!
Just saw . Rotten tomato was a bit harsh on it. I had a great time watching it. Very funny with awesome tunes!!
Just saw . Sorry to say, after all the hype I was underwhelmed
Just saw  (The Boat That Rocked). Really enjoyed it. Great soundtrack!
Just saw . What a fun trip down memory lane musically.
just watched  and it was....AMAZINGLY AWESOMEISHLY GREAT! the soundtrack to this movie is unbelievable! you have to see it! :)
Just watched .  Good movie, great soundtrack.
@Krystalizing I would recommend , watch that instead.
Like counter-culture, 60's rock, & P. S. Hoffman? You'll like . Seriously, one of the best movies I've seen in a while.
Loved  but this is a totally biased opinion bc I feel Richard Curtis can do no wrong
Loved .  Downloading any songs on the soundtrack I don't already own!
loved . Feel good movie of the year!
Loved .  Good movie.  Very funny.
loved ! Go see it if you like crazy brit humor!
Loved . Love the glass of chardonnay that I am drinking!
Loved ! The 60's music playing nearly continually during the movie was a bonus.
Love, love, loved "". Probably no one else will, because I have strange movie tastes.
@luckeyme  (The Boat that Rocked) is probably one of the best movies I have seen in the last two years. :)
@LyricalAsshole dunno if you've seen the movie Hurt or ...but both very good films...especially 
Mary poppins was amazing on broadway and I saw  last night. Very good. Interesting ending. @brucej987 the frogs were awesome lol
@MichaelWittig just saw .. HIGHLY recommend it!! It was VERY good!!  Do not not not not see ... it''s bad bad bad!!!!
Movie fiction that it is,  was fun.  Great soundtrack but where were the music arguments/discussions?
My review from last night     =Massive win! Stellar cast, great story, tons of fuckery. If you like music you'll love this movie
@nathan_reed I really like .
@nicholascarroll Saw  last night; enjoyed it immensely. No meaningful message/observations, but tons of fun and excellent music!
@NickColeman Your movie advice is being called seriously into question.  was pure fun!
@nickjfrost just saw The Boat That Rocked/ and I thought it was brilliant! You and the rest of the cast were fantastic! <3
@nickjfrost My friend and I left the theatre with a bit of melancholia. We saw  and didn''t want it to end.
@nicole_rae I saw  last night and loved it--I think you and Q would dig
@ninenorthlp The color, the music, the story...are great. It's already in my all-time favorites!  ROCKS!
Oh, and just saw  aka The Boat That Rocked, and loved it. Add Chris O''Dowd to the list of Irishmen I have a thing for.
Oh my GOD!! I loved !!!!! It was SO GOOD! Awwwhh!
OK, so I see some of you have made this statement already. But I have to follow suit in this case.  was good...
@orangecountygal Breakfast on my "to do" list HA. Saw  last night, lots of fun (no covers!)
 awesome.  Got to love the 60's
! best movie! TomStu StOLE that movie! he's another Brit god !
, great flick.
 HOT! Best movie I've seen in a long time.
. I laughed until I was in pain. Great premise, hilarious interpretations, especially by Kenneth Branagh with a comic moustache.
 is a fun, entertaining movie.
"" is an infinitely more upbeat counterpoint to "". Best soundtrack of any movie ever. Branagh was great. Nighy as well.
 is pretty good.  Had a lot of fun.
 is ridiculously good
 is the best movie of the year in my book.
 is the most enjoyable movie I've seen this year. Actually, laughed outloud in the theater. That never happens :)
 is the shit. Fuck yea
 looks stupid, rebellion isn't  cool anymore
 made me happy. I looove it.
=Massive win! Stellar cast, great story, tons of fuckery & cute lil TomStu too. If you like music you'll love this movie. :)
 = not a very good movie. Sorry. I wanted to like it, but just couldn't. Fantastic cast though.
 rocked so very hard! Today's movie: Fantastic Mr. Fox. Reviews of both, for those who care, on tomorrows blog.
 rocked! Yes, I did just say that. :)
...seriously amazing movie if truely appreciate music! I got a little misty! In see it!
...truely fantastic movie if you truely appreciate music. I got a bit misty. Go see it!
 was absolutely amazing, add a free dinner at Doyles with that and you got my perfect sunday night
 was adorable, I'm now mad crushing on at least 90% of the attractive hipster pirate djs, sorry @nateperkins
 was a great movie for the chilly grey Sunday! rock n roll duderz!
 was amazing, fyi. "You've got my name written on your boobies!"
 was AMAZING!! I LOVED IT!!!
 was amazing. You all must go see it.
 was awesome- highly recommend it!
 was AWESOME! Need 2 start seeing movies @ Landmark E St. theatre more often.
"" was AWESOME!!! We all cried a little in the end... Except for Jaimee... She has no heart. I love you Jaimee!!!
 was epic everyone needs to go see it !!
 was excellent. Reccomended to all.
 was good, and I got to watch it for free-started showing promos 10 min b4 ending
 was Good! Go watch it!
 was great. a must see and get the sound track.  love classic rock.  was a feel good comedy with a interesting history lesson.
 was hilarious. Everybody needs to see it.
 was inspiring. I'm buying it.
 was pretty brilliant. Many an appearance from Norrington (Jack Davenport) XD.
 was really, really good! But I'm starting to worry that I can't watch movies with other human beings. So annoying!!! #fb
 was so good last night.
 was so much FUN last night! Need some movie reverie? Go see it. That is, unless you don't like rock 'n' roll. Or having fun.
 was SUCH a good movie. I recommend it to everyone.
 was the shit last night! =]
Please excuse the God-awful cliched pun, but  fucking rocked.
Quick Movie Review:  = Bloody Brilliant!!
RT @buhbeesgirl: EVERYONE MUST GO SEE  (aka The BoatThat Rocked) W TOMSTU!!! SUCH A FANTASTIC MOVIE!!!
RT @chrisrbrown: only good thing about seeing the horrible  at Cobble Hill Cinema tonight was Gabriel Byrne was in the audience.
RT @Zigster_: I SAW ! So much fun, I really really ridicuously enjoyed it! <-- I was thinking of seeing it. Good to know!
saturday had a little snag, had to go rescue the sis...also go see  its awesome.
Saw ! Ah. . . those Brits!  Must see if you enjoy the 60''s music or just a well written comedy.  A little bawdy! It''s the 60''s!
Saw  and love, love, loved it! Great, funny movie.
Saw  - great fun, fantastic soundtrack
Saw . Great movie. Very funny. Well worth the full price of the tickets.
Saw  last night and it is officially my new fave movie. It also helps that the main character looks kinda like @brendonuriesays
Saw  last night and it was absolutely great--amazing cast, fun story, epic soundtrack
Saw  last night. Lotsa fun & gr8 music. Kenneth Branagh is hilariously over-the-top.
Saw "" last night. Loved the music, loved the cast, liked the idea of it. Nothing too heavy, light fun.
Saw "" last night. Silly, flawed film but can't get  "Elenore" by The Turtles out of my head--great scene, great song.
Saw  last night - terrific movie, with a stellar cast.
Saw  last night. Very fun, a little silly. Emma Thompson managed to be absolutely brilliant with only a small role.
Saw .  Laughed like crazy.  Silly movie.
Saw ...LOVED IT!
Saw  movie last night...it's a hoot.  Go see it.
saw -not a great movie, but reminded me that I need to turn off my tv and listen to some great music.
Saw  today, good. Hard to believe that Beatles & Stone best 1967 rock from UK but not played in UK other than by radio pirates
Saw  today (not good) but was pleasantly surprised 2 of my movie girlfriends are in it: January Jones & Emma Thompson. Who knew?
Saw  today, very entertaining but some songs played were actually made years after the time period of the movie ended.
Saw  today... Was A LOT better than I thought. Really funny and just a good.. warm movie. =)
Saw  tonght, and wasn''t as impressed as I thought I would be.  Definitely a movie in search of a plot.
Saw  tonight and it was fucking awesome. Everyone needs to see it NOW Fantastic soundtrack and funny, what more could you want?
Scratch that. Went and saw  and it was FANTASTIC.
So  was a totally awesome movie! And the soundtrack, even better!
The movie  looks good.
thinks every real music lover should check out 
thought that  was awesome... poker night has been pretty fun even though I lost a few minutes ago :(
@travisrclark should've seen , that movie was really great!
Two days of great music @crowderband last night and just saw  so so good.
Two thumbs up for !
@tylermgraves You would love .  Totally up your alley.  Enjoy DH.
Very much enjoyed . Made me remember a few songs I love that I haven't heard in a while. Beach Boys, Procol Harum, The Who. Yes!
Watched . Was Funny.
Watched  yesterday, it's a musical delight and very funny
watching  friken awesome....the projector died in  lol
Went to see  [7/10] tonite. Funny and fun. Great music as well. Sex, drugs, and Rock 'n' Roll. And alcohol. Good times.
Went to see  instead. Fabulous.
Went to see  last night - what a hoot and the music was great! Yo9u should go.
went to the AMC, saw a movie.( = Awesome!) couldn't checkin. Thinking about doing Kar Caraoke! ;-) sitting still though, be safe
we saw  last night . fun , great movie but you gotta at least like rock n roll or it won't make sense
 - a stupid, idiotic hollywood product... was this the much awaited movie of the century? Impressed on the amazing visual treat, though!
 : boring and awful movie :o(
 - I don't give a shit about the movie, or the ludicrous idea behind it #FuckTheMayanCalendar
# is a load of fuckin shit!!!!... I'm not even gonna support the idea by watching the movie!!!
 is a long ass movie
 - is not a disaster movie, this movie is a disaster!!!
'' is the biggest piece of shit that has come out this year. The movie is a bigger disaster than the ones they show in it.
 is the stupidest movie ive ever seen! wat a waste of special effects!
 is the worst movie of 2009!
"" it's a fucking huge movie ! i saw it yesterday ! amazing !!
 movie... hmmm... i didnt really enjoy it... but the takikomi gohan and maguro sashimi after the movie was great!! hehehe..
 Movie sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
, nice movie, I saw it this Saturday, only thing I can say... amazing effects and very predictable end.
 not a great movie don't see watch it
 sucked. I kept falling asleep. I had been up since at 4am and the movie was at 10pm so maybe thats why. If anything it's a RENTAL.
. The worst movie of all time. That's 2-1/2 hours of my life I will never get back. Just awful.
 was a terrible movie. I don't understand why the reviewer in the paper gave it a good score.  =/
 was garbage in movie form
'' was the PITS. Do NOT waste your $10 nor your 2 hours & 38 minutes. First movie I ever walked out on.
Always funny when this happens but the words on  are staring to gush out as I write my review. Movie sucks but I'm loathe to trash it.
Bad movie .. warning
BLAHH WORK. N  WASNT THAT GREAT OF A MOVIE.... AT ALL.
@casuallydone I would put money on  being shit. It's a mindless action movie. Think  with out the quality cast.
Dear Roland Emmerich, your  movie sucks and you are stupid. It was really pretty though so there's that. - JD.
despite the fact that maad ppl didn't like the movie ....I did!!!!
Do not waste your money on the movie . Precious is so much more worthwhile and thought-provoking.
Don't go see  movie is garbage!!!
Finally I saw  and I really don''t believe the world is gonna end like that shit I believe the illumanti is behind this movie to
@FletcherFans new moon o/ I saw  and it''s terrible. I''m really scared ;/ x
fyi - terrible movie . WAY over the top and so not worth going to see in the movies!
had such high hopes for this movie and was sadly disappointed.  runs for 2 hours and 38 minutes.
Hmm  had the 5th best opening weekend in history grossing $225 - Still - not a great movie in my opinion!!
hmm  the movie isn't  very optimistic
I just saw  and there is only one person that I want by my side during some shit like that
i just saw . wasn''t the best movie. but... the main guy, ''Adrian'' was fit! don''t care how old he is, lol ;P
I just watched . Tons of geology to stir the pot there. Despite my love of all things Cusack, not a very good movie
Im home na! Watched  in the big screen.It was another thrilling movie that made me palpitate.LOL The movie-goers line-up was a blast!
I'm on a mission to save everyone from watching  worst movie ever I rather watch dirty dancing
I really had a great time . Watched  with fav cuz , Nadirah , Love ya .
Is anybody surprised that  is such a shit movie?
I saw , hmm not my cup of tea, seeing Law Abiding Citizen now.
I saw .  I saw .  I''m...upset?  Disappointed in myself? Tired?  Yep, that''s it, I''m tired.
I saw  last night. Typical disaster movie. Far reaching and not very realistic but the popcorn was good.
@JohnStuddFN Chillin Bro.. Just Saw .. shit was wack now I''m up lol
Just back from the cinema. I saw . Oh gawd the acting was awful, and do those children never behave?! Good CGI, but that''s all.
...Just did happy hour & watched  (Awesome movie!). Now @ Matt''s baseball game. Go Fairfield A''s!!
Just saw . All I can say is, wow. Everyone start saving up your money for those seats on the ark.
Just saw ....boring.... long!
just saw .. didn''t like it.. though it was good film.. :p
just saw . end of the world was never so disappointing. wasted 200 bucks too.
Just saw ... GAY.
Just saw  - had to leave my brain at home for that one...
just saw . it was really good
Just saw .it was very long+really not very good
just saw . i wished the end of the world would come & spare me during the stupid movie haha
just saw ... omg that movie is horrible
just saw .....so horribly amateur and cliche.....the indian guy-jimi mistry was jus too awful....quite put off
Just saw ...terrible movie or most terrible movie ever? Man it sucked!
just saw ...the worst world ending movie ever
Just saw . What a looong, dragged, hollywood flick!
Just watched . 1,5 hours of my life wasted. Dont watch this crappy movie. Sucked!
Just watched  and damn this movie is longer then the Titanic. It was a mess distraction porn with a dumb Hollywood ending. BULLSHIT!
just watched  and felt like hearing a very very old story of noa''s ark with all the glitters of CG...nothing impressive........
Just watched  - has Roland Emmerich lost his mind?
Just watched #. It has the production values of a bad soap opera. I didn''t expect much but I''m still disappointed.
just watched ''''..lame ang istorya..effects ok lang.
Just watched , really enjoyed it but hope none of that shit actually happens! CiN call time is 12 so I can actually have a lie in!
just watched "". That movie sucks! >:(
Just watched . What a bloody long movie. Pretty average one at that...
just watched . yea, i dont like it.
@lifted_truth i hated that movie 
Me, @roadtoapathy and Diane watched  yesterday! The movie was really great even I had a nap inside the cinema.. DIACHICA ROCKSSSSS!
@MiSsDe_La_O lol cause I was disappointed from  so I need to see a good movie lol I get off work in an hour and 3ish from school today
@missgigip imma just look at the previews and say that  is probably NOT the movie you want lol
@missmeggiepoo saw  and was not blown away - for me just another generic epic disaster film couched in the  myth..how ''bout "Road"?
Morning tweeps! - Saw  last night. What a load of old rubbish. Impressive effects...but that was as good as it got #avoid
Movie Review from guy at work: " was hilarious".
ok i didn't like  movie.. only billionaries will survive? and people in china?!?  hell no!!
ok, so we saw  yesterday....two words: Holy Shit! Why oh why did i go watch it? I''m taking some flying lessons ASAP. lol
@pratsie @P_En my friends said  is a boring movie. :D i dunno, i gotta watch & find out myself.. haha.. :D
Really? I want to see it. RT @holdontightkid: @MidnightSaphira oh yeah ha. I went and watched  last night. It was sad!
@robwillb LOL saw  and i was not impressed, great visuals but the characters were so weak and i  didn''t sympathize with any of them.
@ronpurtee that movie looks EVEN DUMBER than ... Somehow. Didn't think tWas possible.
RT @davidschneider: Saw  last night. Amazing CGI mock-ups of the disastrous Olympic logo and opening ceremony.
RT @Dom21Price: I wanna see -- fuck that got damn movie
RT @IAMBIGO #IFEELSORRY4 THE PEOPLE THAT BELIEVE THAT  SHIT ... im starting i saw  movie was crazy
RT @Jayoh4President: ....the shit going on is ill but the movie as a WHOLE.. TRASH<---u rly thought the movie was wack??
RT @maharis: The movie # gave a new meaning to disappointing. Srsly :P @MoodMooks @Sweej @reneesville
RT @rimamelatiadams: ?DISAPPOINTED!Roland Emmerich u bttr cum up with a gd plot on ur next movie!! Cuz  sux but CG is a 2 thumbs up.
RT @sexiiscorp Saw  last night...smh!!! Shyt got me thinkin "wat if" <--- Eff that Wack movie.
Saw ...A ''popcorn movie'' to say the least..Ronald Emmerich could do much better..
Saw ...good...Amanda peet looking awesome...But India not that Bad still..as they have potrayed in the movie..specially vis a vis china!
Saw # it was STUPID i didn''t like it that much too many dumb scenes so unrealistic lmao
Saw  it woz sick in both ways
Saw  last night. Amazing CGI mock-ups of the disastrous Olympic logo and opening ceremony.
Saw  last night and it was lame. I sat through 2hrs. and 20min of cliche plot. Good sp. fx though.
Saw  last night.  Disappointing cuz there was only one trailer before the movie.  I feel gipped!  Also things go boom! yay!
saw  last night found at least 6 referances to other disaster movies it was great fun, what was up with all the WI referances?
saw  last night, hilarious...
saw # last night. Hmm. Too many Sfx  - but nonetheless breathtaking. Storyline highly optimistic. One time is enough - not a keeper.
Saw  last night. It was pretty sick. I almost cried like ten times! HaHa
Saw  last night. Loved Adam Lambert's song at the end of the movie.
saw  last night && now i`m in this world geographyy class.. this shit has me trippin lowkey lol
Saw "" last night...the most improbable movie I''ve ever seen. Not the world ending thing, but constantly escaping in the nick of time.
Saw  last night, what a waste of time that was! Can''t remember the last time I saw such a shit movie... maybe War of the Worlds 2
Saw # last nite. It's basically ur typical disaster movie. Nuttin too crazy. It's gr8 to watch once. It felt like a simulation ride.
Saw . Thought it was a fun ride. Still a lot of idiots in the theater...
Saw  &  today. ''s ending was disappointing and I probably should''ve read  first but oh well.
Saw  today.... A Visual Spectacle.. Kudos to the Visual FX team.. But the movie on the whole couldnt match upto ...
saw  today. long movie. cool effects.
saw  today. One word - BULLCRAP!
Saw  yest. Aside from the special effects the movie was ridiculous.
@souljaboytellem the world isn't going to end in  bro. but good movie
@Tarunmansukhani  was the crappiest movie ever.
The movie # gave a new meaning to disappointing.
the movie  is so sad and scary
The movie  was the shit-nes....lol
thinks that  was a retarded movie
This  movie is hilarioooouuss!
@tommcfly Hiya tom saw  last night, fab film just wanted to book you as our pilot!!!!! don''t forget us lol
@Valdy2k1 the movie  was alright nothing special... Lol
watched .. exhilirating and classy animation but smthng lacked- may be the story..!!
Watched  last night. I''ve never heard more bad cliches fit into such a short period of time as with this thing.
watched  last night. loved the graphics but the story seemed to closely resemble Day After Tomorrow too much. everyone should have died
Watched  last night. Was disappointing.
Watched  nd sipped on arbor mist with lelia last nite.. Wat a absurd movie soo farfetched nd predictable!
Watched . Some over the top scenes, but overall pretty good for fans of end-of-the-world type films. Some good messages in there too.
Watched  today got to say disappointed just doesnt compare to  or even day after tomorrow...pity:(
watched  today. The special effects were jaw dropping! But the story was filled with cliches and just mentioned a little about the Mayan
watched  tonight. pretty useless movie i guess.exactly what i expected it to be, nothing less and sadly nothing more.
watched ....was a disappointing movie...!!only the spl effects were gud..!!
Watched  with @M0rn1ng this afternoon and loved it. Our seats were shaking, I love digital surround sound.
Watched  wiv @ShylahMorgana. Gud movie great graphics but the storyline itself is nt half as imaginative as i hoped
Watched  w/ some friends today. Had a great time :) going to sleep now. Bye folks!
Watched  yesterday. The epitome of a Hollywood classic entertainment cash cow ;-)
Weird day today... Saw  which was lame... I have the odd feeling that someone is keeping something from me or lying to me but I''m no
Well damn. LOL RT @lwhitneyb:  is the worst movie I've seen all year hands down.  I'd rather sit thru a Glitter marathon.
we saw  last night, EPIC....... fail. Anyone else seen this movie disaster?!?
wow RT @steviecarlson '' is worst movie i have ever seen. would rthr go to dble feature of 'glitter' & 'crossroads' than see it again
yesterday i saw , I was expecting to see more of the maya culture in the movie. I was disappointed.
